---
subcategory: "FortiGate Ips"
layout: "fortios"
page_title: "FortiOS: fortios_ips_sensor"
description: |-
  Get information on a fortios Configure IPS sensor.
---

# Data Source: fortios_ips_sensor
Use this data source to get information on a fortios Configure IPS sensor.


## Example Usage

```hcl

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) Sensor name.
* `vdomparam` - Specifies the vdom to which the data source will be applied when the FortiGate unit is running in VDOM mode. Only one vdom can be specified. If you want to inherit the vdom configuration of the provider, please do not set this parameter.

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `block_malicious_url` - Enable/disable malicious URL blocking.
* `comment` - Comment.
* `extended_log` - Enable/disable extended logging.
* `name` - Sensor name.
* `replacemsg_group` - Replacement message group.
* `scan_botnet_connections` - Block or monitor connections to Botnet servers, or disable Botnet scanning.
* `entries` - IPS sensor filter.The structure of `entries` block is documented below.

The `entries` block contains:

* `action` - Action taken with traffic in which signatures are detected.
* `application` - Operating systems to be protected. Use all for every application and other for unlisted application.
* `default_action` - Signature default action filter.
* `default_status` - Signature default status filter.
* `id` - Rule ID in IPS database (0 - 4294967295).
* `last_modified` - Filter by signature last modified date. Formats: before <date>, after <date>, between <start-date> <end-date>.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging of signatures included in filter.
* `log_attack_context` - Enable/disable logging of attack context: URL buffer, header buffer, body buffer, packet buffer.
* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Enable to save the packet that triggers the filter. You can download the packets in pcap format for diagnostic use.
* `os` - Operating systems to be protected. Use all for every operating system and other for unlisted operating systems.
* `protocol` - Protocols to be examined. Use all for every protocol and other for unlisted protocols.
* `quarantine` - Quarantine method.
* `quarantine_expiry` - Duration of quarantine. (Format ###d##h##m, minimum 1m, maximum 364d23h59m, default = 5m). Requires quarantine set to attacker.
* `quarantine_log` - Enable/disable quarantine logging.
* `rate_count` - Count of the rate.
* `rate_duration` - Duration (sec) of the rate.
* `rate_mode` - Rate limit mode.
* `rate_track` - Track the packet protocol field.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `status` - Status of the signatures included in filter. Only those filters with a status to enable are used.
* `cve` - List of CVE IDs of the signatures to add to the sensor.The structure of `cve` block is documented below.

The `cve` block contains:

* `cve_entry` - CVE IDs or CVE wildcards.
* `exempt_ip` - Traffic from selected source or destination IP addresses is exempt from this signature.The structure of `exempt_ip` block is documented below.

The `exempt_ip` block contains:

* `dst_ip` - Destination IP address and netmask (applies to packet matching the signature).
* `id` - Exempt IP ID.
* `src_ip` - Source IP address and netmask (applies to packet matching the signature).
* `rule` - Identifies the predefined or custom IPS signatures to add to the sensor.The structure of `rule` block is documented below.

The `rule` block contains:

* `id` - Rule IPS.
* `vuln_type` - List of signature vulnerability types to filter by.The structure of `vuln_type` block is documented below.

The `vuln_type` block contains:

* `id` - Vulnerability type ID.
* `filter` - IPS sensor filter.The structure of `filter` block is documented below.

The `filter` block contains:

* `action` - Action of selected rules.
* `application` - Vulnerable application filter.
* `location` - Vulnerability location filter.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging of selected rules.
* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging of selected rules.
* `name` - Filter name.
* `os` - Vulnerable OS filter.
* `protocol` - Vulnerable protocol filter.
* `quarantine` - Quarantine IP or interface.
* `quarantine_expiry` - Duration of quarantine in minute.
* `quarantine_log` - Enable/disable logging of selected quarantine.
* `severity` - Vulnerability severity filter.
* `status` - Selected rules status.
* `override` - IPS override rule.The structure of `override` block is documented below.

The `override` block contains:

* `action` - Action of override rule.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging.
* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging.
* `quarantine` - Quarantine IP or interface.
* `quarantine_expiry` - Duration of quarantine in minute.
* `quarantine_log` - Enable/disable logging of selected quarantine.
* `rule_id` - Override rule ID.
* `status` - Enable/disable status of override rule.
* `exempt_ip` - Exempted IP.The structure of `exempt_ip` block is documented below.

The `exempt_ip` block contains:

* `dst_ip` - Destination IP address and netmask.
* `id` - Exempt IP ID.
* `src_ip` - Source IP address and netmask.
