---
subcategory: "FortiGate Ips"
layout: "fortios"
page_title: "FortiOS: fortios_ips_custom"
description: |-
  Configure IPS custom signature.
---

## fortios_ips_custom
Configure IPS custom signature.

## Example Usage

```hcl

```

## Argument Reference
* `vdomparam` - Specifies the vdom to which the data source will be applied when the FortiGate unit is running in VDOM mode. Only one vdom can be specified. If you want to inherit the vdom configuration of the provider, please do not set this parameter.
* `allow_append` - If set to true allows provider to overwrite existing resources instead of erroring. Useful for brownfield implementations. Use with caution! Requires `tag` to be defined.

* `action` - Default action (pass or block) for this signature. Valid values: `pass` `block` .
* `application` - Applications to be protected. Blank for all applications.
* `comment` - Comment.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging. Valid values: `disable` `enable` .
* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Valid values: `disable` `enable` .
* `os` - Operating system(s) that the signature protects. Blank for all operating systems.
* `protocol` - Protocol(s) that the signature scans. Blank for all protocols.
* `rule_id` - Signature ID.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `signature` - Custom signature enclosed in single quotes.
* `status` - Enable/disable this signature. Valid values: `disable` `enable` .
* `tag` - Signature tag.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{mkey}}.

## Import

Check out `allow_append` to auto import upon resource creation.

fortios_ips_custom can be imported using:
```sh
terraform import fortios_ips_custom.labelname {{mkey}}
```
